Why do you have a boyfriend?
Do you still have to take care of the mistress outside?
Pardon me?
It seems that people don't know yet
The last big boss
Bring a small assistant to our company
inspected once
Are we being strict?
Just hooked up with someone's little assistant
We as outsiders
Naturally, there is no way to interfere.
But yeah
I just don't know Shu Yan's doctor boyfriend
Did you know you were outside?
Play so much
How did you know I had a doctor boyfriend?
Hmph indeed
Shu Yan, you have no ability.
Don't learn from others to reason outside
You say love again
You are so loud
Why is your illegitimate child so painful?
Just something, just something
This is something that people cannot report
It's really chilling for his doctor boyfriend.
Fu Siyi is not happy
Is it because he knows about it?
I have to go and explain it to him.
I'm not that kind of person.
Where are you going? You are damaging the company's image.
I'll help you clean the toilet for a day today
I will put this matter to the original
Send the original to the president's mailbox.
But then you're waiting to be fired
Ok I scan